Official TL import from Matsuribayashi (#386)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_026.txt

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/oto0411015", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「嫌だ、そんな死に方ごめんだ！！！",
			NULL, "\"No, I don't want to die like that!!!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/oto0411016", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　死にたくねぇ、死にたくねぇ！！！",
			NULL, " I don't want to die, I don't want to die!!!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/oto0411017", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　やめてくれ山の神さま！！",
			NULL, " Please, god of the mountain, please stop!!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/oto0411018", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　俺も好きでやってるわけじゃねぇんだ、給料もらってやってるだけなんだ！！」",
			NULL, " I'm not doing this because I want to, I'm doing this because I get paid for it!!\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//鶯１rvS14/00/ugu0111022.「う、鶯１より本部！！kvS14/00/ugu0111023.　駄目だ、士気の高揚は困難。kvS14/00/ugu0111024.隊員の脱落と士気低下は深刻！kvS14/00/ugu0111025.　これ以上の戦線維持は困難！！kvS14/00/ugu0111026.　損害が増えるだけだ…！！」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>鶯１</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Nightingale 1</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/ugu0111022", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「う、鶯１より本部！！",

> 			NULL, "\"N-Nightingale 1 to bese!!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"N-Nightingale 1 to base!!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f6d9a8>鷹野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f6d9a8>Takano</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900214", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「聞こえる？！",

> 			NULL, "\"Can you hear me?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Do you read me?!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900215", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　私は鷹野よ、三等陸佐よ！！",

> 			NULL, " I am Takano, Major Takano!!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " This is Takano, Major Takano!!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900216", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　あんた達の最上位の上司よ！！」",

> 			NULL, " I'm your boss's boss!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Your top-level commander!!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//鷹野rvS14/09/220900217.「聞きなさい、鬼もいないし神さまもいないわ。kvS14/09/220900218.もしいるなら戦いなさい。kvS14/09/220900219.神などその座から引き摺り下ろしてやるのよ！！」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f6d9a8>鷹野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f6d9a8>Takano</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900217", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「聞きなさい、鬼もいないし神さまもいないわ。",

> 			NULL, "\"Listen well! There is no god or demon.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Listen well! There are no gods or demons.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900218", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "もしいるなら戦いなさい。",

> 			NULL, " And if there is, then you can still fight.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " And even if there are, you can still fight.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900219", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "神などその座から引き摺り下ろしてやるのよ！！」",
			NULL, " Drag God down from its pedestal!!\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//鷹野rvS14/09/220900220.「雲雀と鶯は合流して戦力を立て直しなさい。kvS14/09/220900221.鳳は白鷺の残存と合流」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f6d9a8>鷹野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f6d9a8>Takano</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900220", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「雲雀と鶯は合流して戦力を立て直しなさい。",
			NULL, "\"Skylark and Nightingale, join up and reorganize your forces.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900221", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "鳳は白鷺の残存と合流」",

> 			NULL, " Phoenix, you join the remainder of Heron.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Phoenix, group up with the remainder of Heron.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//鷹野rvS14/09/220900222.「敵は山頂付近の、営林署の資材小屋辺りを本拠地にしている模様！kvS14/09/220900223.　高所を取られてるわ、こちらの動きが筒抜けのはず！！kvS14/09/220900224.　奇襲はあって当り前よ、刺し違えてでも倒しなさい！！」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f6d9a8>鷹野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f6d9a8>Takano</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900222", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「敵は山頂付近の、営林署の資材小屋辺りを本拠地にしている模様！",
			NULL, "\"The enemies are near the top of the mountain. Their base is probably somewhere by the forestry service's storage shed!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900223", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　高所を取られてるわ、こちらの動きが筒抜けのはず！！",

> 			NULL, " They're at the top, so of course they could see our movements!! ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " They have the high ground, so of course they can see our movements!! ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f6d9a8>鷹野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f6d9a8>Takano</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900224", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　奇襲はあって当り前よ、刺し違えてでも倒しなさい！！」",

> 			NULL, "They'll be trying to ambush you. Even if you have to stab each other, make sure you take them out!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "They'll be trying to ambush you. Make sure you take them out, even if you have to stab each other to do it!!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r無線で部下たちを怒鳴り続ける鷹野を尻目に、小此木へ別の回線で連絡が入った。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "無線で部下たちを怒鳴り続ける鷹野を尻目に、小此木へ別の回線で連絡が入った。",
			NULL, "At the same time, Okonogi received another radio call.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r小此木はその意味を理解し、鷹野から少し離れて小声で無線に応えた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "小此木はその意味を理解し、鷹野から少し離れて小声で無線に応えた。",

> 			NULL, "Okonogi understood the meaning of that, so he walked away from Takano and answered quietly.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Okonogi understood the meaning of that, so he stepped away from Takano and answered quietly.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#3e5745>小此木</color>", NULL, "<color=#3e5745>Okonogi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 14, "ps3/s14/14/223400164", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……わかった。",

> 			NULL, "\"...I get it.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...Understood.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 14, "ps3/s14/14/223400165", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "そいつは東京の郭公に伝えたか」",

> 			NULL, " Did you let Cuckoo in Tokyo know?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Have you reported this to the Cuckoo in Tokyo yet?\"", Line_Normal);
```
